the sexual harassment can, uh, take form in a variety of different ways.
We have red blue. I'm sorry. Red, yellow and green lights red is,
uh, agree. Just green is, um you know, you can get rid of those with,
uh, stern and strict words. Yellow is somewhere in the middle and
green, I think, happens fairly often. And the reason for, uh, slight
sexual comments throughout the work days Because, especially on deployment,
you know, you're with everyone all the time. Um, from sunup
to sundown. Um, you have guys and girls and they have their emotions.
They have their feelings. And some people, actually, I think the
military isn't is a wonderful place toe. Meet a spouse. There are many
military couples. And without, like, talking to each other during
work house, are you gonna get to know the other person? It's when
you ah kind of go too far in trying to show your emotion to the other
person. I'm allowed toe talk to anyone on this ship and say, Hey,
you know what I think that's Ah, nice outfit that you have. And that's
one way that you can start. Ah, communication. Um, once we get out
of work, for instance. I see them outside. I could maybe get their
number at work, and then we take it further outside of work. Um, if
you're on deployment, you don't have that opportunity. Uh, everything
that you do, you know, if you're gonna talk to them, it's going to
be at work because you're at work for 24 hours per day. Uh, the most
important part of the most important thing to remember is that it
cannot exist on this ship. There is no dating. There is no getting
together. There's no kissing and hugging on this ship at all. Um, so,
yeah, you can get to know people. You can sit down, chat, talk, talk
about the general quarters that happen, talk about like when we get
off the ship, you know, like like let's continue this further. But
on the ship, you know, just make sure that it's purely platonic and
and that that will save you a lot of heartache in the future.